README.md, before:

[![linuxserver.io](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/linuxserver/docker-templates/master/linuxserver.io/img/linuxserver_medium.png)](https://linuxserver.io)

[![Blog](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?style=flat-square&color=E68523&label=linuxserver.io&message=Blog)](https://blog.linuxserver.io "all the things you can do with our containers including How-To guides, opinions and much more!")
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/354974912613449730.svg?style=flat-square&color=E68523&label=Discord&logo=discord&logoColor=FFFFFF)](https://discord.gg/YWrKVTn "realtime support / chat with the community and the team.")
[![Discourse](https://img.shields.io/discourse/https/discourse.linuxserver.io/topics.svg?style=flat-square&color=E68523&logo=discourse&logoColor=FFFFFF)](https://discourse.linuxserver.io "post on our community forum.")
[![Fleet](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?style=flat-square&color=E68523&label=linuxserver.io&message=Fleet)](https://fleet.linuxserver.io "an online web interface which displays all of our maintained images.")
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?style=flat-square&color=E68523&label=linuxserver.io&message=GitHub&logo=github&logoColor=FFFFFF)](https://github.com/linuxserver "view the source for all of our repositories.")
[![Open Collective](https://img.shields.io/opencollective/all/linuxserver.svg?style=flat-square&color=E68523&label=Supporters&logo=open%20collective&logoColor=FFFFFF)](https://opencollective.com/linuxserver "please consider helping us by either donating or contributing to our budget")

The [LinuxServer.io](https://linuxserver.io) team brings you another container release featuring :-

 * regular and timely application updates
 * easy user mappings (PGID, PUID)
 * custom base image with s6 overlay
 * weekly base OS updates with common layers across the entire LinuxServer.io ecosystem to minimise space usage, down time and bandwidth
 * regular security updates

Find us at:
* [Blog](https://blog.linuxserver.io) - all the things you can do with our containers including How-To guides, opinions and much more!
* [Discord](https://discord.gg/YWrKVTn) - realtime support / chat with the community and the team.
* [Discourse](https://discourse.linuxserver.io) - post on our community forum.
* [Fleet](https://fleet.linuxserver.io) - an online web interface which displays all of our maintained images.
* [GitHub](https://github.com/linuxserver) - view the source for all of our repositories.
* [Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/linuxserver) - please consider helping us by either donating or contributing to our budget

# [linuxserver/transmission](https://github.com/linuxserver/docker-transmission)

[![GitHub Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/linuxserver/docker-transmission.svg?style=flat-square&color=E68523&logo=github&logoColor=FFFFFF)](https://github.com/linuxserver/docker-transmission)
[![GitHub Release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/linuxserver/docker-transmission.svg?style=flat-square&color=E68523&logo=github&logoColor=FFFFFF)](https://github.com/linuxserver/docker-transmission/releases)
[![GitHub Package Repository](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?style=flat-square&color=E68523&label=linuxserver.io&message=GitHub%20Package&logo=github&logoColor=FFFFFF)](https://github.com/linuxserver/docker-transmission/packages)
[![GitLab Container Registry](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?style=flat-square&color=E68523&label=linuxserver.io&message=GitLab%20Registry&logo=gitlab&logoColor=FFFFFF)](https://gitlab.com/Linuxserver.io/docker-transmission/container_registry)
[![Quay.io](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?style=flat-square&color=E68523&label=linuxserver.io&message=Quay.io)](https://quay.io/repository/linuxserver.io/transmission)
[![MicroBadger Layers](https://img.shields.io/microbadger/layers/linuxserver/transmission.svg?style=flat-square&color=E68523)](https://microbadger.com/images/linuxserver/transmission "Get your own version badge on microbadger.com")
[![Docker Pulls](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/linuxserver/transmission.svg?style=flat-square&color=E68523&label=pulls&logo=docker&logoColor=FFFFFF)](https://hub.docker.com/r/linuxserver/transmission)
[![Docker Stars](https://img.shields.io/docker/stars/linuxserver/transmission.svg?style=flat-square&color=E68523&label=stars&logo=docker&logoColor=FFFFFF)](https://hub.docker.com/r/linuxserver/transmission)
[![Build Status](https://ci.linuxserver.io/view/all/job/Docker-Pipeline-Builders/job/docker-transmission/job/master/badge/icon?style=flat-square)](https://ci.linuxserver.io/job/Docker-Pipeline-Builders/job/docker-transmission/job/master/)
[![](https://lsio-ci.ams3.digitaloceanspaces.com/linuxserver/transmission/latest/badge.svg)](https://lsio-ci.ams3.digitaloceanspaces.com/linuxserver/transmission/latest/index.html)

[Transmission](https://www.transmissionbt.com/) is designed for easy, powerful use. Transmission has the features you want from a BitTorrent client: encryption, a web interface, peer exchange, magnet links, DHT, µTP, UPnP and NAT-PMP port forwarding, webseed support, watch directories, tracker editing, global and per-torrent speed limits, and more.

[![transmission](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/linuxserver/docker-templates/master/linuxserver.io/img/transmission.png)](https://www.transmissionbt.com/)

## Supported Architectures

Our images support multiple architectures such as `x86-64`, `arm64` and `armhf`. We utilise the docker manifest for multi-platform awareness. More information is available from docker [here](https://github.com/docker/distribution/blob/master/docs/spec/manifest-v2-2.md#manifest-list) and our announcement [here](https://blog.linuxserver.io/2019/02/21/the-lsio-pipeline-project/).

Simply pulling `linuxserver/transmission` should retrieve the correct image for your arch, but you can also pull specific arch images via tags.

The architectures supported by this image are:

| Architecture | Tag |
| :----: | --- |
| x86-64 | amd64-latest |
| arm64 | arm64v8-latest |
| armhf | arm32v7-latest |


## Usage

Here are some example snippets to help you get started creating a container.

### docker

```
docker create \
  --name=transmission \
  -e PUID=1000 \
  -e PGID=1000 \
  -e TZ=Europe/London \
  -e TRANSMISSION_WEB_HOME=/combustion-release/ `#optional` \
  -e USER=username `#optional` \
  -e PASS=password `#optional` \
  -p 9091:9091 \
  -p 51413:51413 \
  -p 51413:51413/udp \
  -v <path to data>:/config \
  -v <path to downloads>:/downloads \
  -v <path to watch folder>:/watch \
  --restart unless-stopped \
  linuxserver/transmission
```


### docker-compose

Compatible with docker-compose v2 schemas.

```
---
version: "2"
services:
  transmission:
    image: linuxserver/transmission
    container_name: transmission
    environment:
      - PUID=1000
      - PGID=1000
      - TZ=Europe/London
      - TRANSMISSION_WEB_HOME=/combustion-release/ #optional
      - USER=username #optional
      - PASS=password #optional
    volumes:
      - <path to data>:/config
      - <path to downloads>:/downloads
      - <path to watch folder>:/watch
    ports:
      - 9091:9091
      - 51413:51413
      - 51413:51413/udp
    restart: unless-stopped
```

## Parameters

Container images are configured using parameters passed at runtime (such as those above). These parameters are separated by a colon and indicate `<external>:<internal>` respectively. For example, `-p 8080:80` would expose port `80` from inside the container to be accessible from the host's IP on port `8080` outside the container.

| Parameter | Function |
| :----: | --- |
| `-p 9091` | WebUI |
| `-p 51413` | Torrent Port TCP |
| `-p 51413/udp` | Torrent Port UDP |
| `-e PUID=1000` | for UserID - see below for explanation |
| `-e PGID=1000` | for GroupID - see below for explanation |
| `-e TZ=Europe/London` | Specify a timezone to use EG Europe/London. |
| `-e TRANSMISSION_WEB_HOME=/combustion-release/` | Specify an alternative UI options are `/combustion-release/`, `/transmission-web-control/`, and `/kettu/` . |
| `-e USER=username` | Specify an optional username for the interface |
| `-e PASS=password` | Specify an optional password for the interface |
| `-v /config` | Where transmission should store config files and logs. |
| `-v /downloads` | Local path for downloads. |
| `-v /watch` | Watch folder for torrent files. |

## Environment variables from files (Docker secrets)

You can set any environment variable from a file by using a special prepend `FILE__`. 

As an example:

```
-e FILE__PASSWORD=/run/secrets/mysecretpassword
```

Will set the environment variable `PASSWORD` based on the contents of the `/run/secrets/mysecretpassword` file.

## User / Group Identifiers

When using volumes (`-v` flags) permissions issues can arise between the host OS and the container, we avoid this issue by allowing you to specify the user `PUID` and group `PGID`.

Ensure any volume directories on the host are owned by the same user you specify and any permissions issues will vanish like magic.

In this instance `PUID=1000` and `PGID=1000`, to find yours use `id user` as below:

```
  $ id username
    uid=1000(dockeruser) gid=1000(dockergroup) groups=1000(dockergroup)
```


&nbsp;
## Application Setup

Webui is on port 9091, the settings.json file in /config has extra settings not available in the webui. Stop the container before editing it or any changes won't be saved.

For users pulling an update and unable to access the webui setting you may need to set "rpc-host-whitelist-enabled": false, in /config/settings.json`

If you choose to use transmission-web-control as your default UI, just note that the origional Web UI will not be available to you despite the button being present.

## Securing the webui with a username/password.

this requires 3 settings to be changed in the settings.json file.

`Make sure the container is stopped before editing these settings.`

`"rpc-authentication-required": true,` - check this, the default is false, change to true.

`"rpc-username": "transmission",` substitute transmission for your chosen user name, this is just an example.

`rpc-password` will be a hash starting with {, replace everything including the { with your chosen password, keeping the quotes.

Transmission will convert it to a hash when you restart the container after making the above edits.

## Updating Blocklists Automatically

This requires `"blocklist-enabled": true,` to be set. By setting this to true, it is assumed you have also populated `blocklist-url` with a valid block list.

The automatic update is a shell script that downloads a blocklist from the url stored in the settings.json, gunzips it, and restarts the transmission daemon.

The automatic update will run once a day at 3am local server time.



## Support Info

* Shell access whilst the container is running: `docker exec -it transmission /bin/bash`
* To monitor the logs of the container in realtime: `docker logs -f transmission`
* container version number
  * `docker inspect -f '{{ index .Config.Labels "build_version" }}' transmission`
* image version number
  * `docker inspect -f '{{ index .Config.Labels "build_version" }}' linuxserver/transmission`

## Updating Info

Most of our images are static, versioned, and require an image update and container recreation to update the app inside. With some exceptions (ie. nextcloud, plex), we do not recommend or support updating apps inside the container. Please consult the [Application Setup](#application-setup) section above to see if it is recommended for the image.

Below are the instructions for updating containers:

### Via Docker Run/Create
* Update the image: `docker pull linuxserver/transmission`
* Stop the running container: `docker stop transmission`
* Delete the container: `docker rm transmission`
* Recreate a new container with the same docker create parameters as instructed above (if mapped correctly to a host folder, your `/config` folder and settings will be preserved)
* Start the new container: `docker start transmission`
* You can also remove the old dangling images: `docker image prune`

### Via Docker Compose
* Update all images: `docker-compose pull`
  * or update a single image: `docker-compose pull transmission`
* Let compose update all containers as necessary: `docker-compose up -d`
  * or update a single container: `docker-compose up -d transmission`
* You can also remove the old dangling images: `docker image prune`

### Via Watchtower auto-updater (especially useful if you don't remember the original parameters)
* Pull the latest image at its tag and replace it with the same env variables in one run:
  ```
  docker run --rm \
  -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock \
  containrrr/watchtower \
  --run-once transmission
  ```

**Note:** We do not endorse the use of Watchtower as a solution to automated updates of existing Docker containers. In fact we generally discourage automated updates. However, this is a useful tool for one-time manual updates of containers where you have forgotten the original parameters. In the long term, we highly recommend using Docker Compose.

* You can also remove the old dangling images: `docker image prune`

## Building locally

If you want to make local modifications to these images for development purposes or just to customize the logic:
```
git clone https://github.com/linuxserver/docker-transmission.git
cd docker-transmission
docker build \
  --no-cache \
  --pull \
  -t linuxserver/transmission:latest .
```

The ARM variants can be built on x86_64 hardware using `multiarch/qemu-user-static`
```
docker run --rm --privileged multiarch/qemu-user-static:register --reset
```

Once registered you can define the dockerfile to use with `-f Dockerfile.aarch64`.

## Versions

* **19.12.19:** - Rebasing to alpine 3.11.
* **04.10.19:** - Update package label.
* **21.08.19:** - Add optional user/pass environment variables, fix transmission shut down if user/pass are set.
* **19.07.19:** - Send SIGTERM in blocklist update to properly close pid.
* **28.06.19:** - Rebasing to alpine 3.10.
* **23.03.19:** - Switching to new Base images, shift to arm32v7 tag.
* **22.02.19:** - Rebase to Alpine 3.9, add themes to baseimage, add python and findutils.
* **22.02.19:** - Catch term and clean exit.
* **07.02.19:** - Add pipeline logic and multi arch.
* **15.08.18:** - Rebase to alpine linux 3.8.
* **12.02.18:** - Pull transmission from edge repo.
* **10.01.18:** - Rebase to alpine linux 3.7.
* **25.07.17:** - Add rsync package.
* **27.05.17:** - Rebase to alpine linux 3.6.
* **06.02.17:** - Rebase to alpine linux 3.5.
* **15.01.17:** - Add p7zip, tar , unrar and unzip packages.
* **16.10.16:** - Blocklist autoupdate with optional authentication.
* **14.10.16:** - Add version layer informationE.
* **23.09.16:** - Add information about securing the webui to README.
* **21.09.16:** - Add curl package.
* **09.09.16:** - Add layer badges to README.
* **28.08.16:** - Add badges to README.
* **09.08.16:** - Rebase to alpine linux.
* **06.12.15:** - Separate mapping for watch folder.
* **16.11.15:** - Initial Release.

Commit message:

update auth info in readme, fix version command

README.md, after:

[![linuxserver.io](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/linuxserver/docker-templates/master/linuxserver.io/img/linuxserver_medium.png)](https://linuxserver.io)

[![Blog](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?style=flat-square&color=E68523&label=linuxserver.io&message=Blog)](https://blog.linuxserver.io "all the things you can do with our containers including How-To guides, opinions and much more!")
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/354974912613449730.svg?style=flat-square&color=E68523&label=Discord&logo=discord&logoColor=FFFFFF)](https://discord.gg/YWrKVTn "realtime support / chat with the community and the team.")
[![Discourse](https://img.shields.io/discourse/https/discourse.linuxserver.io/topics.svg?style=flat-square&color=E68523&logo=discourse&logoColor=FFFFFF)](https://discourse.linuxserver.io "post on our community forum.")
[![Fleet](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?style=flat-square&color=E68523&label=linuxserver.io&message=Fleet)](https://fleet.linuxserver.io "an online web interface which displays all of our maintained images.")
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?style=flat-square&color=E68523&label=linuxserver.io&message=GitHub&logo=github&logoColor=FFFFFF)](https://github.com/linuxserver "view the source for all of our repositories.")
[![Open Collective](https://img.shields.io/opencollective/all/linuxserver.svg?style=flat-square&color=E68523&label=Supporters&logo=open%20collective&logoColor=FFFFFF)](https://opencollective.com/linuxserver "please consider helping us by either donating or contributing to our budget")

The [LinuxServer.io](https://linuxserver.io) team brings you another container release featuring :-

 * regular and timely application updates
 * easy user mappings (PGID, PUID)
 * custom base image with s6 overlay
 * weekly base OS updates with common layers across the entire LinuxServer.io ecosystem to minimise space usage, down time and bandwidth
 * regular security updates

Find us at:
* [Blog](https://blog.linuxserver.io) - all the things you can do with our containers including How-To guides, opinions and much more!
* [Discord](https://discord.gg/YWrKVTn) - realtime support / chat with the community and the team.
* [Discourse](https://discourse.linuxserver.io) - post on our community forum.
* [Fleet](https://fleet.linuxserver.io) - an online web interface which displays all of our maintained images.
* [GitHub](https://github.com/linuxserver) - view the source for all of our repositories.
* [Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/linuxserver) - please consider helping us by either donating or contributing to our budget

# [linuxserver/transmission](https://github.com/linuxserver/docker-transmission)

[![GitHub Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/linuxserver/docker-transmission.svg?style=flat-square&color=E68523&logo=github&logoColor=FFFFFF)](https://github.com/linuxserver/docker-transmission)
[![GitHub Release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/linuxserver/docker-transmission.svg?style=flat-square&color=E68523&logo=github&logoColor=FFFFFF)](https://github.com/linuxserver/docker-transmission/releases)
[![GitHub Package Repository](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?style=flat-square&color=E68523&label=linuxserver.io&message=GitHub%20Package&logo=github&logoColor=FFFFFF)](https://github.com/linuxserver/docker-transmission/packages)
[![GitLab Container Registry](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?style=flat-square&color=E68523&label=linuxserver.io&message=GitLab%20Registry&logo=gitlab&logoColor=FFFFFF)](https://gitlab.com/Linuxserver.io/docker-transmission/container_registry)
[![Quay.io](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?style=flat-square&color=E68523&label=linuxserver.io&message=Quay.io)](https://quay.io/repository/linuxserver.io/transmission)
[![MicroBadger Layers](https://img.shields.io/microbadger/layers/linuxserver/transmission.svg?style=flat-square&color=E68523)](https://microbadger.com/images/linuxserver/transmission "Get your own version badge on microbadger.com")
[![Docker Pulls](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/linuxserver/transmission.svg?style=flat-square&color=E68523&label=pulls&logo=docker&logoColor=FFFFFF)](https://hub.docker.com/r/linuxserver/transmission)
[![Docker Stars](https://img.shields.io/docker/stars/linuxserver/transmission.svg?style=flat-square&color=E68523&label=stars&logo=docker&logoColor=FFFFFF)](https://hub.docker.com/r/linuxserver/transmission)
[![Build Status](https://ci.linuxserver.io/view/all/job/Docker-Pipeline-Builders/job/docker-transmission/job/master/badge/icon?style=flat-square)](https://ci.linuxserver.io/job/Docker-Pipeline-Builders/job/docker-transmission/job/master/)
[![](https://lsio-ci.ams3.digitaloceanspaces.com/linuxserver/transmission/latest/badge.svg)](https://lsio-ci.ams3.digitaloceanspaces.com/linuxserver/transmission/latest/index.html)

[Transmission](https://www.transmissionbt.com/) is designed for easy, powerful use. Transmission has the features you want from a BitTorrent client: encryption, a web interface, peer exchange, magnet links, DHT, µTP, UPnP and NAT-PMP port forwarding, webseed support, watch directories, tracker editing, global and per-torrent speed limits, and more.

[![transmission](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/linuxserver/docker-templates/master/linuxserver.io/img/transmission.png)](https://www.transmissionbt.com/)

## Supported Architectures

Our images support multiple architectures such as `x86-64`, `arm64` and `armhf`. We utilise the docker manifest for multi-platform awareness. More information is available from docker [here](https://github.com/docker/distribution/blob/master/docs/spec/manifest-v2-2.md#manifest-list) and our announcement [here](https://blog.linuxserver.io/2019/02/21/the-lsio-pipeline-project/).

Simply pulling `linuxserver/transmission` should retrieve the correct image for your arch, but you can also pull specific arch images via tags.

The architectures supported by this image are:

| Architecture | Tag |
| :----: | --- |
| x86-64 | amd64-latest |
| arm64 | arm64v8-latest |
| armhf | arm32v7-latest |


## Usage

Here are some example snippets to help you get started creating a container.

### docker

```
docker create \
  --name=transmission \
  -e PUID=1000 \
  -e PGID=1000 \
  -e TZ=Europe/London \
  -e TRANSMISSION_WEB_HOME=/combustion-release/ `#optional` \
  -e USER=username `#optional` \
  -e PASS=password `#optional` \
  -p 9091:9091 \
  -p 51413:51413 \
  -p 51413:51413/udp \
  -v <path to data>:/config \
  -v <path to downloads>:/downloads \
  -v <path to watch folder>:/watch \
  --restart unless-stopped \
  linuxserver/transmission
```


### docker-compose

Compatible with docker-compose v2 schemas.

```
---
version: "2"
services:
  transmission:
    image: linuxserver/transmission
    container_name: transmission
    environment:
      - PUID=1000
      - PGID=1000
      - TZ=Europe/London
      - TRANSMISSION_WEB_HOME=/combustion-release/ #optional
      - USER=username #optional
      - PASS=password #optional
    volumes:
      - <path to data>:/config
      - <path to downloads>:/downloads
      - <path to watch folder>:/watch
    ports:
      - 9091:9091
      - 51413:51413
      - 51413:51413/udp
    restart: unless-stopped
```

## Parameters

Container images are configured using parameters passed at runtime (such as those above). These parameters are separated by a colon and indicate `<external>:<internal>` respectively. For example, `-p 8080:80` would expose port `80` from inside the container to be accessible from the host's IP on port `8080` outside the container.

| Parameter | Function |
| :----: | --- |
| `-p 9091` | WebUI |
| `-p 51413` | Torrent Port TCP |
| `-p 51413/udp` | Torrent Port UDP |
| `-e PUID=1000` | for UserID - see below for explanation |
| `-e PGID=1000` | for GroupID - see below for explanation |
| `-e TZ=Europe/London` | Specify a timezone to use EG Europe/London. |
| `-e TRANSMISSION_WEB_HOME=/combustion-release/` | Specify an alternative UI options are `/combustion-release/`, `/transmission-web-control/`, and `/kettu/` . |
| `-e USER=username` | Specify an optional username for the interface |
| `-e PASS=password` | Specify an optional password for the interface |
| `-v /config` | Where transmission should store config files and logs. |
| `-v /downloads` | Local path for downloads. |
| `-v /watch` | Watch folder for torrent files. |

## Environment variables from files (Docker secrets)

You can set any environment variable from a file by using a special prepend `FILE__`. 

As an example:

```
-e FILE__PASSWORD=/run/secrets/mysecretpassword
```

Will set the environment variable `PASSWORD` based on the contents of the `/run/secrets/mysecretpassword` file.

## User / Group Identifiers

When using volumes (`-v` flags) permissions issues can arise between the host OS and the container, we avoid this issue by allowing you to specify the user `PUID` and group `PGID`.

Ensure any volume directories on the host are owned by the same user you specify and any permissions issues will vanish like magic.

In this instance `PUID=1000` and `PGID=1000`, to find yours use `id user` as below:

```
  $ id username
    uid=1000(dockeruser) gid=1000(dockergroup) groups=1000(dockergroup)
```


&nbsp;
## Application Setup

Webui is on port 9091, the settings.json file in /config has extra settings not available in the webui. Stop the container before editing it or any changes won't be saved.

For users pulling an update and unable to access the webui setting you may need to set "rpc-host-whitelist-enabled": false, in /config/settings.json`

If you choose to use transmission-web-control as your default UI, just note that the origional Web UI will not be available to you despite the button being present.

## Securing the webui with a username/password.

Use the `USER` and `PASS` variables in docker run/create/compose to set authentication. Do not manually edit the `settings.json` to input user/pass, otherwise transmission cannot be stopped cleanly by the s6 supervisor.

## Updating Blocklists Automatically

This requires `"blocklist-enabled": true,` to be set. By setting this to true, it is assumed you have also populated `blocklist-url` with a valid block list.

The automatic update is a shell script that downloads a blocklist from the url stored in the settings.json, gunzips it, and restarts the transmission daemon.

The automatic update will run once a day at 3am local server time.



## Support Info

* Shell access whilst the container is running: `docker exec -it transmission /bin/bash`
* To monitor the logs of the container in realtime: `docker logs -f transmission`
* container version number
  * `docker inspect -f '{{ index .Config.Labels "build_version" }}' transmission`
* image version number
  * `docker inspect -f '{{ index .Config.Labels "build_version" }}' linuxserver/transmission`

## Updating Info

Most of our images are static, versioned, and require an image update and container recreation to update the app inside. With some exceptions (ie. nextcloud, plex), we do not recommend or support updating apps inside the container. Please consult the [Application Setup](#application-setup) section above to see if it is recommended for the image.

Below are the instructions for updating containers:

### Via Docker Run/Create
* Update the image: `docker pull linuxserver/transmission`
* Stop the running container: `docker stop transmission`
* Delete the container: `docker rm transmission`
* Recreate a new container with the same docker create parameters as instructed above (if mapped correctly to a host folder, your `/config` folder and settings will be preserved)
* Start the new container: `docker start transmission`
* You can also remove the old dangling images: `docker image prune`

### Via Docker Compose
* Update all images: `docker-compose pull`
  * or update a single image: `docker-compose pull transmission`
* Let compose update all containers as necessary: `docker-compose up -d`
  * or update a single container: `docker-compose up -d transmission`
* You can also remove the old dangling images: `docker image prune`

### Via Watchtower auto-updater (especially useful if you don't remember the original parameters)
* Pull the latest image at its tag and replace it with the same env variables in one run:
  ```
  docker run --rm \
  -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock \
  containrrr/watchtower \
  --run-once transmission
  ```

**Note:** We do not endorse the use of Watchtower as a solution to automated updates of existing Docker containers. In fact we generally discourage automated updates. However, this is a useful tool for one-time manual updates of containers where you have forgotten the original parameters. In the long term, we highly recommend using Docker Compose.

* You can also remove the old dangling images: `docker image prune`

## Building locally

If you want to make local modifications to these images for development purposes or just to customize the logic:
```
git clone https://github.com/linuxserver/docker-transmission.git
cd docker-transmission
docker build \
  --no-cache \
  --pull \
  -t linuxserver/transmission:latest .
```

The ARM variants can be built on x86_64 hardware using `multiarch/qemu-user-static`
```
docker run --rm --privileged multiarch/qemu-user-static:register --reset
```

Once registered you can define the dockerfile to use with `-f Dockerfile.aarch64`.

## Versions

* **29.03.20:** - Update auth info in readme.
* **19.12.19:** - Rebasing to alpine 3.11.
* **04.10.19:** - Update package label.
* **21.08.19:** - Add optional user/pass environment variables, fix transmission shut down if user/pass are set.
* **19.07.19:** - Send SIGTERM in blocklist update to properly close pid.
* **28.06.19:** - Rebasing to alpine 3.10.
* **23.03.19:** - Switching to new Base images, shift to arm32v7 tag.
* **22.02.19:** - Rebase to Alpine 3.9, add themes to baseimage, add python and findutils.
* **22.02.19:** - Catch term and clean exit.
* **07.02.19:** - Add pipeline logic and multi arch.
* **15.08.18:** - Rebase to alpine linux 3.8.
* **12.02.18:** - Pull transmission from edge repo.
* **10.01.18:** - Rebase to alpine linux 3.7.
* **25.07.17:** - Add rsync package.
* **27.05.17:** - Rebase to alpine linux 3.6.
* **06.02.17:** - Rebase to alpine linux 3.5.
* **15.01.17:** - Add p7zip, tar , unrar and unzip packages.
* **16.10.16:** - Blocklist autoupdate with optional authentication.
* **14.10.16:** - Add version layer informationE.
* **23.09.16:** - Add information about securing the webui to README.
* **21.09.16:** - Add curl package.
* **09.09.16:** - Add layer badges to README.
* **28.08.16:** - Add badges to README.
* **09.08.16:** - Rebase to alpine linux.
* **06.12.15:** - Separate mapping for watch folder.
* **16.11.15:** - Initial Release.
